milking efficiency
largely determined
way keeping animals more
half dairy livestock in
Republic of Belarus is contained on
tethered milking with this method
content produced in milking buckets
or milk wire milking animals
should be carried out
devices of the same type throughout
lactation in the maternity ward of cows
should be machine-fed in
milking buckets during udder preparation
milking cows for the first 7 days
after calving , udder massage is performed from below
up to prevent edema process
milking machine based on
individual service of cows special
focus on consistency
technological operations for 1
hour before milking animals raise clean
worth spreading litter and
air the room directly
before milking
check the level of vacuum that should
equal 48 kilopascals to them absence
water into the world walls of space
teat cups pulsation frequency
pulsator and nipple rubber integrity
before manipulation of the udder
first servings
milk have a special mug black
strainer it allows you to remove
bacterial plug and detect
signs of an initial masita stage for
stimulation of the reflex lactation is not
more than one minute before putting on
teat cups udder washed clean
warm water at 40 degrees
celsius
wipe clean disinfected them
a towel
rub udder and sasuke from top to bottom with
simultaneous nudging at the base
udder to call fully reflex
milk yield milking machine
at the same time prevent suction
air in the teat cups and
looping alternating hoses
vacuum milk hose disposes in
forelimb direction
the milking process is monitored for behavior
cows and milk intake
with a noticeable decrease in milk flow
spend cars and yes yes and by
one collector pull down
and forward and the other is having a massage from above
down the back lobes and the front lobes by
pulling down the collector
simultaneous under the massage machine
yes yes it does not and continue no more than 30
seconds after cessation of milk flow
remove the teat cups by feeding
variable vacuum nozzles in one
hand in the form of a bouquet and air inlet
one of the closest glasses second hand
then open for a few seconds
valve for suctioning milk residues from
milk cam assembly
collector can not remove the milking
glasses under vacuum as well as
nipples are injured
it is important to remove teat cups
timely and avoid dry
milking after milking is mandatory
disinfection of nipples